feat: update localization doc (#1784)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/vscode-extension/ADD_LOCALIZATION_KEY_TO_COMPONENT.md

# Otter: Add localization key to component

> There is a possibility of creating a localization key from selected text in a component's template. The name and the description of this localization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to the Otter VScode extension, you can extract a localization key from selected text in a component's template. The name and the description of this localization
```

Reviewer: If you don't like the usage of "You", you can use:
```suggestion
The Otter VScode extension can extract a localization key from selected text in a component's template. The name and the description of this localization
```
